Distributor autoscaling (#3378)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/operators-guide/deploy-grafana-mimir/jsonnet/configure-autoscaling.md

- `keda-operator` is down (not critical): changes to `ScaledObject` CRD will not be reflected to the HPA until the operator will get back online. HPA functionality is not affected.
- `keda-operator-metrics-apiserver` is down (critical): HPA is not able to fetch updated metrics and it will stop scaling the deployment until metrics will be back. The deployment (e.g. queriers) will keep working but, in case of any surge of traffic, HPA will not be able to detect it (because of a lack of metrics) and so will not scale up.

> The [alert `MimirAutoscalerNotActive`]({{< relref "../../monitor-grafana-mimir/_index.md" >}}) fires if HPA is unable to scale the deployment for any reason (e.g. unable to scrape metrics from KEDA metrics API server).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [alert `MimirAutoscalerNotActive`]({{< relref "../../monitor-grafana-mimir/_index.md" >}}) fires if HPA is unable to scale the deployment for any reason, such as it is unable to scrape metrics from the KEDA metrics API server.
```

mimir {
    _config+:: {
        autoscaling_prometheus_url: 'http://prometheus.default:9090/prometheus',

>         // Enable queriers autoscaling.
>         autoscaling_querier_enabled: true,
>         autoscaling_querier_min_replicas: 10,
>         autoscaling_querier_max_replicas: 40,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        // Enable queriers autoscaling.
        autoscaling_querier_enabled: true,
        autoscaling_querier_min_replicas: 10,
        autoscaling_querier_max_replicas: 40,
        // Enable ruler queriers autoscaling.
        autoscaling_ruler_querier_enabled: true,
        autoscaling_ruler_querier_min_replicas: 10,
        autoscaling_ruler_querier_max_replicas: 40,
```

### Set minimum replicas = maximum replicas

If KEDA and Kubernetes HPA work correctly but the HPA configuration (metric and threshold) are not giving the expected results (e.g. not scaling up when required), a simple solution to bypass the autoscaling algorithm is to set the minimum and maximum replicas to the same value. (e.g. `autoscaling_querier_min_replicas: 40` and `autoscaling_querier_max_replicas: 40`).

### Decommission HPA

To fully decommission HPA in a Mimir cluster you have to:

> 1. Disable the relevant autoscaler (e.g. `autoscaling_querier_enabled: false`),

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Disable the relevant autoscaler (e.g. `autoscaling_querier_enabled: false`).
```
